_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Sainsbury Wellcome Centre</p>
    <p>25 Howland St.,</p>
    <p>London</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a PhD student at the [Sainsbury Wellcome Centre](https://www.sainsburywellcome.org/web/) in London. I work with [Andrew Saxe](https://www.saxelab.org) here at the SWC and [Thomas Akam](https://www.psy.ox.ac.uk/research/cognitive-circuits) at Oxford. My projects involve both testing theories of learning and generating new ones, with a particular focus on how animals learn to generalize effectively from limited experience.

#### **Publications**
- David B Kastner\*, Viktor Kharazia, Rhino Nevers, Clay Smyth, Daniela A Astudillo-Maya, Greer M Williams, Zhounan Yang, Cristofer M Holobetz, Luca Della Santina, Dilworth Y Parkinson, Loren M Frank (2020). Scalable method for micro-CT analysis enables large scale quantitative characterization of brain lesions and implants <a href= "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-77796-3"> [paper]</a>
- Kyu Hyun Lee\*, Eric L Denovellis\*, Ryan Ly, Jeremy Magland, Jeff Soules, Alison E Comrie, Daniel P Gramling, Jennifer A Guidera, Rhino Nevers, Philip Adenekan, Chris Brozdowski, Samuel R Bray, Emily Monroe, Ji Hyun Bak, Michael E Coulter, Xulu Sun, Emrey Broyles, Donghoon Shin, Sharon Chiang, Cristofer Holobetz, Andrew Tritt, Oliver Rübel, Thinh Nguyen, Dimitri Yatsenko, Joshua Chu, Caleb Kemere, Samuel Garcia, Alessio Buccino, Loren M Frank (2024). Spyglass: a framework for reproducible and shareable neuroscience research <a href= "https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.01.25.577295"> [paper]</a>
- David B Kastner\*, Greer Williams, Cristofer Holobetz, Joseph P Romano, Peter Dayan (2024). The choice-wide behavioral association study: data-driven identification of interpretable behavioral components <a href= "https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.02.26.582115"> [paper]</a>

Commit message:

Add previous experience to about.md

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Sainsbury Wellcome Centre</p>
    <p>25 Howland St.,</p>
    <p>London</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a PhD student at the [Sainsbury Wellcome Centre](https://www.sainsburywellcome.org/web/) in London. I work with [Andrew Saxe](https://www.saxelab.org) here at the SWC and [Thomas Akam](https://www.psy.ox.ac.uk/research/cognitive-circuits) at Oxford. My projects involve both testing theories of learning and generating new ones, with a particular focus on how animals learn to generalize effectively from limited experience.

Before my PhD, I worked as a research assistant in [Loren Frank](https://franklab.ucsf.edu)'s lab at UCSF, where I got my first taste of systems neuroscience. While there, I used [theoretical models](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2020.10.024) to explain why some animals learn faster than others as a consequence of their differences in prior experience.

During my undergrad, I worked with [Wendy Yue](https://yue-lab.com), then in [David Julius](https://juliuslab.ucsf.edu)' lab on methods for studying migraine pain using [noninvasive techniques](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2017.05.024). It kind of worked.

#### **Publications**
- David B Kastner\*, Viktor Kharazia, Rhino Nevers, Clay Smyth, Daniela A Astudillo-Maya, Greer M Williams, Zhounan Yang, Cristofer M Holobetz, Luca Della Santina, Dilworth Y Parkinson, Loren M Frank (2020). Scalable method for micro-CT analysis enables large scale quantitative characterization of brain lesions and implants <a href= "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-77796-3"> [paper]</a>
- Kyu Hyun Lee\*, Eric L Denovellis\*, Ryan Ly, Jeremy Magland, Jeff Soules, Alison E Comrie, Daniel P Gramling, Jennifer A Guidera, Rhino Nevers, Philip Adenekan, Chris Brozdowski, Samuel R Bray, Emily Monroe, Ji Hyun Bak, Michael E Coulter, Xulu Sun, Emrey Broyles, Donghoon Shin, Sharon Chiang, Cristofer Holobetz, Andrew Tritt, Oliver Rübel, Thinh Nguyen, Dimitri Yatsenko, Joshua Chu, Caleb Kemere, Samuel Garcia, Alessio Buccino, Loren M Frank (2024). Spyglass: a framework for reproducible and shareable neuroscience research <a href= "https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.01.25.577295"> [paper]</a>
- David B Kastner\*, Greer Williams, Cristofer Holobetz, Joseph P Romano, Peter Dayan (2024). The choice-wide behavioral association study: data-driven identification of interpretable behavioral components <a href= "https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.02.26.582115"> [paper]</a>
